And maybe even your sanity

It's been a few weeks now, and we have something exciting in store for you - a contest to end all contests and chances to win stacks of cash and free memberships! We know it has been hard for many of you, the isolation resulting from Quentin Quarantino’s existence has most certainly not been a walk in the park. Each day has been melding with the next, like the hypnotic swirls of cream and chocolate in fancy candy commercials. “Time? What is time?” you think to yourself in a daze, draped on your couch, candy wrappers clinging to your bare arms. Jolted from your stupor, your thought is interrupted by the echoes of pans being smashed together at the staccato tempo of a jackhammer orchestra, exaggerated further by the maniacal laughter of hyenas. It’s your kids. The kids who you once loved dearly, who you couldn't wait to see or hear or embrace; who over weeks of isolation, transformed into tiny little demons - at o nce demanding your attention, while simultaneously screaming at you to be left alone. They hunt you for attention. There is no safety, there is no hiding, there is no privacy... It’s kind of like being online without Windscribe. HAH! See what we just did - we tied it all up into a nice little package! That’s marketing genius right there. Or a sign of rapidly deteriorating mental faculties.


Probably the latter

To be honest, most of us working at Windscribe don’t have kids, so all we’ve been enjoying is the music of our thoughts echoing off of the empty walls of our rooms, drowned out by the sound of absolutely nothing happening outside. Those of us that do have offspring are presently forcing North Korean smiles and blinking “HELP” in morse code, while being overlooked by the ruthless gaze of their pint-sized prison wardens. What we are trying to say is, we understand where you are all at - and we wanted to create a mission that would help distract us all and make our users rich. So we created the Windscribe Transnational Film Festival (WTF Fest).


This could be you

Here’s the deal, you send us a 15-30 second short film or animation based on a randomly generated topic. We'll watch your entries and pick the best submissions to win prizes totalling $10,000 (USD) in cold, hard currency. Did we mention that all approved submissions automatically get upgraded to 1 month of Windscribe Pro absolutely free? That’s right dear user, FREE WINDSCRIBE PRO. This contest is open to absolutely everyone, so tell your friends, your lawyer, the guy that irons the $100 dollar bills in Jeff Bezos’ pool - everyone. Sound good? Let's get this show on the road...

Enter The Void

Need an example of what we're looking for? Here is one that we made. We call it ScreamingMustardPhenomenon.



Watch Video
Overwhelmed by the quality of our video? You should be, it won 1st Place at the prestigious Cans Film Festival - a festival organized for and celebrated by aluminum cans. But don't let our absolutely riveting work of art stop you from participating. Oh, and before you ask, yes, mustard was harmed in the making of this video - but we cleansed our karma by hiding all of the ketchup at Costco. Also, if filming is not your thing, and for some reason Minecraft is, we have another contest happening on Reddit. You won't win cash, but free Windscribe Pro is not bad either, and you get to play with (virtual) explosives. Who can say no to that?

Love, peace and chicken grease,

- Windscribe Team

Random Fact

"It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open."